week_1/README.md, before:

FINM August Python Introduction and Review: Week 1
==================================================

Agenda

  - Introduction: Who am I? What's the goal of this review?
  - Review course page on GitHub: https://github.com/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course
  - [Run Python Demo Notebook in Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course/blob/main/week_1/Part_1_Python_Jupyter_demo.ipynb)
  - [Python Fundamentals](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/index.html)
      - [Basics](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/basics.html)
      - [Collections](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/collections.html)
      - [Control Flow](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/control_flow.html)
      - [Functions](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/functions.html)
  - Start the [Scientific Computing](https://datascience.quantecon.org/scientific/index.html) section.
      - [Introduction to NumPy](https://datascience.quantecon.org/scientific/numpy_arrays.html)
      - [Plotting](https://datascience.quantecon.org/scientific/plotting.html)
  - Discuss assignment for next week (installing software). 
      - List of software to install is on the main README: https://github.com/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course/blob/main/README.md
      - Helpful text to understand the process of setting up you're environment: https://datascience.quantecon.org/introduction/local_install.html

Commit message:

Update Week 1 agenda to reflect new stopping point

week_1/README.md, after:

FINM August Python Introduction and Review: Week 1
==================================================

Agenda

  - Introduction: Who am I? What's the goal of this review?
  - Review course page on GitHub: https://github.com/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course
  - Today we will use Jupyter Notebooks on Google's Colab platform. Next week we will use Jupyter Notebooks locally to do all of our coding. In week 3 we will use notebooks within VS Code. In week 4 we will move away from notebooks and write `.py` files directly.
  - [Run Python Demo Notebook in Google Colab](https://colab.research.google.com/github/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course/blob/main/week_1/Part_1_Python_Jupyter_demo.ipynb)
  - [Python Fundamentals](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/index.html)
      - [Basics](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/basics.html)
      - [Collections](https://datascience.quantecon.org/python_fundamentals/collections.html)
  - Discuss assignment for next week (installing software). 
      - List of software to install is on the main README: https://github.com/jmbejara/finm-python-crash-course/blob/main/README.md
      - Helpful text to understand the process of setting up you're environment: https://datascience.quantecon.org/introduction/local_install.html
